You're teaming up
with the guys from Ghosted.
I could have died
in there!
Aw, somebody
need a hug?
Catch all-new episodes Sundays.
And check out
our other Fox programs--
The Orville, Gotham,
and Lucifer.
Remember me?
Only on Fox.
Yesterday
two teenagers reported seeing
this elderly gentlemen
disintegrate before their eyes
-into a pile of dust and bones.
-Dust and bones?
Sounds to me like a classic case
of teen one-upsmanship.
"Oh, hey. I made out
with this girl last night."
"Oh, really? I made out
with a girl last night, too.
"And some old man
disintegrated
right in front of us."
-Are you done, Leroy?
-Yes, I am.
We tested the bones
and identified the man
as Dan Brewster.
Now, here's where
it gets interesting.
This was Dan one week ago.
He was 25 years old.
-What?
-(computer chimes)
-Barry, did you just like
his photo? -Mm-hmm.
One last like
for my main man Dan.
So, a person aging decades
in a matter of days.
Is it just a severe case
of progeria?
I mean, have you ever seen
anything like this before?
No, we have never seen
anything like it.
MAX:
Sorry, Leroy.
Uh, progeria is a disease
where the cells in the body
go through their life cycle
at an accelerated rate.
You think you're the only one
who knows what progeria means?
We've all seen
Benjamin Buttons, bro.
Well, actually, Benjamin Buttons
is just the opposite.
-So, rewind it.
-What?
What are we,
watching it on a VCR?
What's going on?
What's wrong with VCR?
-You have a VCR?
-Yeah.
What movies do you have?
-I got all the Rockys. Uh-huh.
-Rockys?
-The Rocky movies?
-Yeah.
-Do you have Rocky I?
-Mm-hmm.
-II? III?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-IV?
-Mm-hmm.
-V? Rocky Balboa?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
-Creed?
-Yeah.
Sweet.
Before he died,
Dan was a caddie
at the Copper Glen Country Club.
That's where
he was last seen alive.
Now, he caddied
for this gentleman,
Stafford Yates,
who is the wealthy CEO
of Vaia Pharmaceuticals.
They concentrate their research
on the area of antiaging.
So, this Yates person
wants to do
fountain-of-youth testing
by kidnapping human guinea pigs?
Maybe. That's what
we're gonna find out.
You two are going undercover
at the country club.
I want you
to track Stafford Yates.
Find out what he knows
about Brewster's disappearance.
Oh, and, uh, one more thing.
You're using
two separate covers.
One of you is a member.
The other is a caddie.
BOTH:
Member.
*
Okay, how about this? How about
we take turns
carrying the clubs?
Max, you're the caddie.
The caddie carries clubs.
Well, yeah, traditionally.
But, I mean,
how about we develop
a new kind of caddie...
golf boss relationship?
Hey, you're lucky.
You got off easy.
I'm the one who got stuck
with the hard job.
Traipsing around as one
of these upper-class jerks.
Rich people are the worst.
Leroy, listen, you're gonna have
to keep an open mind, okay?
I mean, some of these people
are perfectly lovely.
For instance,
I have a rich uncle.
Uncle Petey. He was the best.
He had this huge house, right?
Have us come over,
let us trim the hedges,
let us rake up the leaves
into these giant piles.
He'd-he'd let us
push the lawn mowers around.
I mean, it was a special time.
You were an unpaid
child gardener.
What?
Stafford? Stafford Yates?
Ha! It really is you.
As I live and breathe.
Do I know you?
You wish. Leroy Wright.
-What's up?
-How's it going?
I go way back with Kurt Downing.
When I told him I was moving
my import-export business
-to town for taxes...
-(all laugh)
he told me
about this second-rate pigsty.
Figured I'd come check it out.
(chuckles) Okay.
Well, this is
Campbell McMasters.
-He's the president of the club.
-Hey-oh.
Kurt's been a great friend
-of this "second-rate pigsty."
-(all laugh)
LEROY:
Hey, Yates.
You gonna hit the ball,
or have you gone blind
staring at Campbell's
idiotic watch?
(all laugh)
Golf bosses.
Bunch of windbags, right?
Rather hang with my boys.
-Oh, is that me?
-Yeah, big-time.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
-Oh. (chuckles)
Hey, you caddie
for Stafford, right?
-What's he like?
-He's fine.
-I mean, I barely know him.
-Same.
Same. Yeah, yeah.
No, I-I don't know that guy.
We're not best friends.
There aren't any songs
that remind me of him.
-Right.
-Hey.
Uh, do you have any advice
for the new guy?
Yeah. Don't work here.
What do you mean?
There's a really high turnover
for caddies here.
Some of them kind of...
disappear.
-What are you talking about?
-Shh.
Not here.
-You mean, like,
no talking at all? Or... -Shh.
Tell you what, the feds
are all up my ass
over these African gazelles
I want to bring over here.
Regulations are killing me.
I killed one of those.
They're beautiful.
But I hear you
on the regulations.
Damn FDA.
-Used to be all over us at Vaia.
-How is the pharmaceutical game?
(laughing):
What?
You think they let him work
at a pharmaceutical company?
(chuckles) Yeah, I got kicked
off the board about a year ago
for making a porno in my office.
They called me
"grossly incompetent."
I'm like,
"No, I'm not. You are!"
Killer comeback.
(laughing):
Yeah, I'm that good.
Okay.
Pretty good strike.
-Sliced it.
-I did.
-It's not a tomato, Yates.
-(chuckles)
How am I gonna get that
in the bushes?
CAMPBELL: That's what
a caddie's for, isn't it?
STAFFORD:
Man, I hate this game.
-CAMPBELL: Come on, caddie.
-Sorry.
It turns out that another caddie
disappeared from Copper Glen
a few years ago.
A pattern emerges.
You know, I used to belong to
one of these places growing up.
These people
are literally the worst.
I would not be surprised
if they're actually running
these tests on these kids.
Wait, so you're rich?
But last weekend
you said you couldn't afford
to do karaoke
with me and my roomies.
Okay, last time I did karaoke
with you guys,
Miriam told me that
if I couldn't hit a high "C,"
then I shouldn't bother
trying to sing Mariah.
Here's what I want to know:
how rich are we talking?
Plane or boat?
* Helicopter... *
Okay, sorry, just...
Maybe Miriam was right.
(whispering):
Helicopter?
All right, I'll catch up
with you losers later.
-All right.
-I got to tip my caddie.
Sometimes I give mine extra
to do a little dance. Caddie?
-Uh-oh.
-Oh...
-Come on, now.
-(laughs) -Man, don't do it.
-Here we go.
-Ricky, don't.
Hold the line. Just don't do it.
-(chanting): Dance, dance.
-Here we go.
-Dance, dance.
-Dance, dance, dance.
-Here we go.
(all cheer, laugh)
-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
-Oh, there it is.
It's gonna get away from you.
-There you go. -Yeah.
-Come on, come on.
There you go.
There you go. (chuckles)
(all laugh)
LEROY:
Top-notch, Stafford.
Nothing funnier
than destroying a man's dignity.
-(both laugh)
-My caddie's so stupid,
he thinks Nasdaq is a rapper.
(laughter)
He thinks Waterford Crystal
is a stripper from Connecticut.
Look at him.
I think he actually does
-think that.
-He does! Look at his face.
He still wears his wedding ring,
and his wife ran out on him--
-twice! -CAMPBELL: Wait, wait.
Same wife?
LEROY: You think he could afford
a second one?
-(all laugh)
-All right. Be good.
Take care, guys.
(laughter)
STAFFORD:
Oh, that's sad.
-Hey, man.
-Hey, buddy.
Getting a little personal
with the roast battle there,
don't you think?
Dude, we're undercover.
Okay.
I mean... maybe I was wrong.
Rich guys are terrible.
Maybe, but Stafford's
definitely not our guy.
He's way, way too dumb
to be a mad scientist.
Okay, well, something is up,
because Ricky was freaked out.
He was like...
He wanted you
to spoon-feed him applesauce?
No, he was scared.
That's a scared face.
He's like...
-This is a scared face.
-Oh.
You're actually right.
That's super good.
(horn honking)
-(tires screech)
-Look out!
Oh, my God.
(leg snaps)
Honest mistake.
Um, what's up with Campbell?
There's walking it off,
and there's walking it off.
And his leg, it just...
it bent back into place again.
I can't emphasize
how messed up it is,
like a movie
I can't stop watching.
I just want the movie to end.
MAX:
Okay, so, the old man--
the one that disintegrated
in front of the teenagers--
if he was indeed rapidly aging,
all that energy
must have gone somewhere.
And if Campbell can heal
just as quickly, it suggests
some sort of transfer.
-Maybe.
-LaFREY: Well, it certainly
doesn't sound like
a coincidence.
You know what
it does sound like?
The Cronos machine.
Right?
What?
Cronos machine.
Do you seriously not know
what a Cronos machine is?
(mouths)
Okay, well...
There are ancient legends
in South American folklore
of the Cronos machine,
designed to perfect and heal
the human body.
Only problem was, they were
built within sacred trees
with powers of invincibility,
but also evil.
Their ultimate goal:
immortality.
You saying "cronuts" machine?
Cronos machine.
It's an immortality machine.
The donut with the croissant,
it's a hybrid.
-Man, there ain't no Cronos...
-LaFREY: All right,
Leroy, there's a party
at Copper Glen tonight.
You're going to attend.
Once you're in,
break off, and find out whatever
you can about this Campbell guy,
-so nobody else gets hurt.
-Got it.
LaFREY:
Annie, you're gonna go
as his wife, all right?
You know the terrain,
and you can blend in
with the rich crowd.
Ooh, I bet she will.
LaFREY:
Max,
-you'll be going as a waiter.
-MAX: Oh, great.
I guess, uh, instead of
passing out clubs,
I'll be passing out
club sandwiches.
No, do you... I...
-Do you get it, 'cause...
-Yes, everyone got it.
It's not hard to get.
Let's go to work.
(jazz music playing)
CAMPBELL:
Leroy.
Please, I want you to meet
the love of my life, Monica.
-LEROY: Charmed.
-Well...
And you must be Chantreuse, yes?
-Chantreuse. Okay.
-(Leroy chuckles)
-And, Campbell...
-Mm-hmm?
-Ugly watch, as always.
-(Annie laughs)
-Tease him about his watch,
honey. -Oh, I like it.
Doesn't seem like you're
overcompensating at all.
-(laughs)
-LEROY: That's my girl.
Oh. Oh, I like her.
I love her.
I love you.
Oh, well, let's go chat.
Let the boys be boys.
-I spy a dessert tray.
-Ooh.
(singsongy):
Lemon bars.
Tuna tartare, anyone?
Excuse me, um...
Gee, but...
where do I know you from?
Um...
No, I don't think...
I'm one of three triplets...
Wait a minute. Well, no, no.
Now I remember. Yes, yes.
You're the waiter
I'm gonna have fired
the next time he interrupts me.
Right, of course.
Yes, I'm so sorry, sir.
(chuckles)
Get out of here, stupid.
But will Campbell even notice
that I look great in this dress?
Of course not.
-Mm.
-He's probably off
in the secret room
doing the P90X or whatever.
(chuckles)
I'm sorry, what was that?
Mm. P90X.
It's an exercise routine
popularized by Paul Ryan...
No, I'm sorry, just before that,
you were saying something...
There's-there's a secret room?
Mm. Yeah. It's downstairs.
I'm not allowed in it,
of course.
(à la Campbell):
"You belong in three rooms:
the kitchen, the bedroom,
and the doll room."
Uh, we can't have children,
so I just have a room
full of 300 dolls.
(chuckles uncomfortably)
(quietly): Leroy, there's
a secret room downstairs.
-I'm coming towards you.
-...my factories
for multiple
human rights violations,
but the important thing is
we were never convicted.
That's the important thing.
-Hello, men. -Hello!
-We're back!
Honey, did you know
that Chartreuse has children?
Real ones, not the kind with
the glass eyes and the stuffing.
-Excuse me. I... have to use
the little boys' room. -Oh.
Excuse me.
Keep Campbell occupied.
I'm gonna slip
into the members area downstairs
and see what I can find.
MAX: Hey, it's Max.
Leroy, this sounds like
a great plan.
Side note, we should use
these new comm devices
all the time.
They're super cool. Over.
Max, stay off the comm
unless it's for the mission.
-And you don't need
to say "over." -Copy that.
-I'll do "mout" instead
of "over," okay? Mout. -"Mout"?
Yeah, it's a combination
of "Max" and "out,"
so you'll know it's me. Mout.
I don't like it.
Sounds too much like "mouth."
-Don't do it.
-ANNIE: Guys, stop.
We're just gonna use "over."
Over.
Okay, well, that's what
I initially wanted, so great.
Mout. I mean, over. Sorry.
I've got something downstairs
in the cellar
-you are gonna love.
-(Annie chuckles)
-$20,000.
-Oh!
Well, no, no. You don't need
to get it right now.
Just-just get me a cheap box
of pinot greesh, I'm good.
-Right?
-Right? You get it.
-I get it. -She gets it.
I am obsessed with her.
You are my spirit animal.
-Oh, but do go get
the $20,000 bottle. -Mm.
Oh, no, it's fine.
Please don't. It's okay.
Hey, Campbell is headed
downstairs towards Leroy.
-Max, we got to stop him.
-Okay.
With pleasure.
-Oh, no! I am... so sorry.
-(gasping)
-You stupid idiot!
-Oh, my God. Here you go.
Wait a minute! I remember you.
You're not just a lousy waiter.
You're a lousy caddie,
aren't you?
Security, come and get this guy!
Well, you're just a rich
butthead who cheats at golf!
-I don't cheat at golf.
-Yeah, you do!
I do not. He gave me that putt!
That was for Ricky!
Up with the caddies!
Down with the rich!
Abort, Leroy, abort. I'm
so sorry. I couldn't hold him.
Mout. I mean, over. God.
Guys,
I've got pictures of Campbell
from tons of different eras.
It's like the guy's been alive
for...
hundreds of years.
-(static)
-Guys?
-(line ringing)
-BARRY: Leroy.
Barry, some freaky stuff
is going on.
I'm gonna send you some photos.
Um, it'll be my honor, Leroy.
While you're on the phone,
I just wanted to say I did
a little bit of research
into your name,
and it turns out
that "Leroy" means
-"the k..."
-(beep)
(dial tone)
Yes, I'll be your friend, Leroy!
(chuckles)
Silly. He j...
he just had to ask.
So, I mean, I told him
that he, like, cheats at golf,
which I think, for these guys,
is a pretty sick burn, so...
-Yeah!
-Yeah?
Yes. Well done.
-Yeah? Really?
-Totally.
-Yeah. (laughs)
-Okay, good.
Good, good, good, good, good.
-Oh...
-What?
Nothing. I just...
I just noticed
you don't have on
your wedding ring.
-Not that you should or
you shouldn't. -Yeah, no, I...
-I just... Noticing.
-Yeah.
I didn't think it was right
for my waiter character,
-so... You know, undercover
and stuff. -Mm. Mm-hmm.
I mean, also, my wife did slam
my head against a table
and tell me not to look for her.
But mostly it was
a character choice.
Makes sense.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Well, yeah.
-All right. Boom.
(both laugh)
(camera shutter clicks)
Damn, Campbell.
What are you,
some kind of vampire?
-Barry, have you spoken to
Leroy? -Uh, yes, many times.
In the six weeks
that I've known him,
we've spoken together
every day.
Recently, Barry, recently.
Have you spoken to him?
We can't get him on the comm.
Oh, yes.
-He sent over some photos.
-What photos?
Well, I'll send them over now.
What? No.
Not "Barry's Sweet Vacay Pics."
Um, oh, stop it.
What are you doing?
-What's going on, Barry?
-Uh, sorry.
Th-The program's
just a bit buggy.
-Spring break! Spring break!
-(whooping)
Oh, my G... Oh, geez.
Horny bitches!
Just... Can we...
(whooping and shouting)
-(murmuring) -Get your hand...
Get... stop it.
Horny bitches!
LaFREY: We've confirmed
that's Campbell in both photos.
Horny bitches.
So if that's true,
that would mean that Campbell's
at least... 150 years old.
I mean, he doesn't look
a day over 65.
Let me see it again.
Annie, there's
something else here.
Oh, no.
We got to get back inside.
Okay, but I just got
kicked out of there.
I mean, how am I gonna
get back in?
Thought you had me, didn't you?
But, as it turns out,
I had you.
What is this?
What the hell are you doing?
Leroy,
I am a very well-connected man.
You must have known
that I would discover
that you're a 15-year veteran
of the LAPD.
You don't get to be
180 years old
by being dumb.
And now, Leroy,
time to have a little
blood drawn.
Unbelievable. So it's totally
fine that I come in now,
because I'm with a rich person.
It's disgusting.
Well, whatever.
You love it.
Well, yeah, I mean, in this
situation it's very helpful.
Okay, so how do we find Leroy?
I mean, it's a secret room.
It's a secret.
Oh, I will find it.
Believe me, I know these places.
There's always an item
that reveals a secret door.
Like an oddly placed
wall sconce.
Or the wall sconce is just
a poor design choice.
LEROY:
What are you doing?
Oh, relax. I'm just
prepping the machine.
LEROY:
The chair's the machine?
Am I sitting in some damn
cronuts device?
Cro-nos. Cronos.
And since you're familiar
with it, well, then,
you already know
that it's your blood
that's gonna keep me
young and pretty.
Campbell,
I'm a very unhealthy eater.
-My go-to breakfast is
a block of cheddar. -Mm-hmm.
I just bite right into it
like an apple.
Lunch is a bucket of bacon
and a stick of butter.
Damn it, Campbell,
if you Cronos me,
I will beat your ass.
-Do you hear me?
-CAMPBELL: Mmm.
Stop Cronosizing me,
you crazy, ancient idiot!
(Leroy screams)
-Okay, wait. That was Leroy.
-(Leroy screams in distance)
-Right?
-LEROY: Stop it!
Oh, it's so obvious.
-Here we go.
-No.
No. Stop it!
No, please, don't.
-MAX: Oh, my God, a Cronos
machine. I knew it. -(grunts)
Shwa! I told you, bitch.
Oh, that's right,
you indestructible.
(grunts)
(Max shouting)
(groans)
(shouts)
(grunts)
(sighs)
-(groans)
-MAX: Hey!
Leroy... the machine.
The machine!
(groans)
(pants)
CAMPBELL:
No.
Go on.
-It's not working!
-The tree.
-Get the tree.
-You said the machine!
-I meant the tree.
-(grunts)
(groans)
-No!
-(grunts)
(screams)
(Max and Leroy panting)
MAX:
Oh, my God.
Think LaFrey will be pissed
I broke the Cronos?
Why would she? She didn't
even know what it was.
Yeah, she'll be fine.
Somebody had to put an end
to the Cronos-ing.
You know, that's not really
the proper use of the word.
Cut me some slack.
Never claimed to be
a Cronos-ologist.
Okay, not to nitpick, but still
not exactly
the right terminology.
You know what?
I'll cut you some slack.
Thank you for saving my life.
Wow. Could have led with that.
-Hey, man.
-Hey.
Hey, look, uh...
I know I went a little too far
with that joke about your wife
back at the golf course,
and I just wanted to apologize.
Oh, there's no need. I know it
was just Rich Leroy talking.
Plus, I was pretty
deep undercover
as Max the Caddie, so...
Well, if you happen to see
Max the Caddie,
-tell him Rich Leroy would
also like to apologize. -Okay.
Well, on behalf
of Max the Caddie,
I accept your apol...
-You know what? Can we just
drop this? -Yes, please.
Turns out, I think
you were right.
It's probably time
for me to move on.
I like that idea.
-You're gonna be okay, man.
-Thanks.
LaFREY:
I cannot believe the two of you
destroyed the Cronos machine.
-I had to destroy it
to save Max. -MAX: Yeah.
I almost died, so whatever
blood I had left,
it would have been
on your hands.
At least you could have tried
to do both.
Do you guys ever think
about what you would do
-if you could live forever?
-MAX: Ooh, I think I would just
-read for 200 years.
-Yes.
If you're immortal,
and an alligator eats you,
like, what happens?
Could somebody walk me
through the rules?
Yeah, do you just live inside
the alligator
until it dies,
or are you digested?
And what if the
alligator's immortal?
-What then?
-MAX: Oh, my God.
I don't know.
That's the thing is that
you don't know.
My great aunt
lived to be 119 years old.
But she said the last 40 years
were mostly coughing.
Oh, that's really sweet.
BARRY:
I-I know this may be lame,
but if we're all immortal,
I'd want to spend eternity
with you people.
Everybody in for a group hug.
Come on.
-Come on. My eyes are closed.
-LaFREY: Barry.
There's no shame in it.
Come on, enter my arms.
That's it. Whole group.
I'm just gonna stay here
until the group hug's complete.
Ooh. Okay. Yes.
This sounds, sounds like Leroy's
tip-tippy toes tapping...
There you are.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've explored the paranormal
with Ghosted.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
* Hey-ay-ay *
WOMAN:
This is our story.
* Can't stop me now *
* I'm just doing what I do *
* Won't stop doing what I do *
* Can't stop me now *
-* Can't stop me now *
-* Cannot beat me *
* I'm just doin' what I do *
* Won't stop doin' what I do *